everyone this is Renee with paper in a
calm and thanks for joining me today as
we make a wedding card i'm using this
that cuts with a view whimsy stack it's
really slippery paper the rubber bands
run it with all the loose pages from
coming loose but a lot of them are
sparkly and shiny and they're really
pretty i'm also using color from this
coordination spay / super assortment
okay to get started with this card i'm
going to make a cake using my cricut
machine and the sweet treats cartridge
which is really cute it has a lot of
cupcakes and just fun like food sayings
like sprinkle with fun one of the images
they have is this cake which i think
would make a really pretty wedding cake
it's on page 39 and I kept this out at
two and three-quarters inches I cut out
the shadow black out the cake itself the
shift cake which is these little
scallops then on the layers I cut both
sections of layers this is like the
plate here and this is like another
decoration for the cake and so I'm just
going to glue all of these pieces
together okay I've got all the little
pieces glued on and now i'm going to put
it on the big piece here alright let's
put this card portion of this together
my card base is this spring rain color
from papertrey ink and i cut it the
standard size card five and a half by
four and a quarter this piece of paper
from that whimsy stack which is so cute
and it's going to fit on the top like
that also have a piece of this card
stock that I used on the cake and I'm
going to cut a border on it using these
scallops scissors from fiskars boy these
are old-school scissors and the way to
do this is to as you're cutting when you
finish a cut and you lift it up
you can see where that scallop lets off
and you can cut the next step and that
way you get a continuous even line all
the way down to the end of your paper
all right there it is and this is going
to go here like this
trying to get it where it will be just
like that now you see that I did that
and in that sticking out that looks
really weird so it's going to take the
paper trimmer and with all things with
crafting you can't mess it up cannot
mess crafting up you just whack it off
you're done problem solved just like
you're perfect in you you measure just
like the best carpenter you know okay
here's this piece of paper here and I'm
going to put it on there and of course
again this is going to be too long trim
off just a smidge this unable to trim it
off on this side because i like i like
the curlicue more on this side okay it's
gonna go on there like this before I
actually tape it down I I'm gonna use
some of this coordinating ribbon front
paper tray in the spring rain and I'm
going to put some ribbon around it going
this direction so you'll cut a little
bit extra off we'll take down either
side all right now we're ready to adhere
it down to the card use my heg gun okay
I'm going to do the sentiment now and
I'm using a paper tray ink stamp set
mega mixed messages and i'm going to say
best wishes Annie Maya Versamark pad
because I'm going to embossed this on
this paper and pick it up and stamp it
and of course you can't see it now but
i'm going to put white embossing powder
on this
like that off the extra there and I'm
going to set it with my heat gun ok
there's my sentiment on there and put it
down ok I'm going to put a prima flower
on this a small one and attach it with
one of these orange Brad's
just like that ok there's the sentiment
done cute ok now I'm going to add some
flowers to this cake just to dress it up
and make it look more wedding cake II
you
okay now have my pieces together and I'm
going to put the cake here i'm going to
put best wishes here so let me go ahead
and put this on with dimensional
adhesive since it has all of those
really thick Brad's on them it's going
to need something to kind of hold it to
the card so it'll won't look really
bumpy and I'm going to be pretty
generous with this because again since
it's going to be so bumpy here put this
here just like that and a couple of
dimensionals for the sentiment as well I
decided I want it to hole punch this one
edge maybe this edge to there we go put
it on there all right
all right there's the finished card join
me next time you'll have a great week
bye